Add initial airgap documentation (#7939)
mattermost/docs: source/deploy/air-gapped-deployment.rst

Overview
--------

Deploying in an air-gapped environment requires careful planning to ensure all necessary components are available within the network. This includes:

- Container images required when deploying in Kubernetes or Docker.
- Mattermost server packages and dependencies required when deploying directly on Linux servers.
- Access to a PostgreSQL database.
- Object storage or a shared filesystem service for relaibly accessing files from multiple Mattermost servers.
- Other supporting services such as LDAP for authentication, Elasticsearch for performant post searching, etc. as required for your scale and performance requirements.

Refer to the other deployment documentation for setting up Mattermost as needed. This guide focuses on the supporting infrastructure needed for an air-gapped deployment which is required before deploying Mattermost in these environments.

Setting up a self-hosted private container registry
--------------------------------------------------

> A private container registry allows you to store Docker images locally within your air-gapped network. These registries can be used to store images for Mattermost for deployment in Kubernetes or Docker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A private container registry securely stores Docker images for air-gapped deployments, ensuring compliance with data isolation requirements. Use it to enable local deployments in Kubernetes or Docker.
```

      .. code-block:: bash

         mkdir -p certs
         openssl req -newkey rsa:4096 -nodes -sha256 -keyout certs/domain.key \
           -x509 -days 365 -out certs/domain.crt

   b. Run the registry with TLS:

      .. code-block:: bash

         docker run -d -p 5000:5000 --restart=always --name registry \
           -v /mnt/registry:/var/lib/registry \
           -v $(pwd)/certs:/certs \
           -e REGISTRY_HTTP_TLS_CERTIFICATE=/certs/domain.crt \
           -e REGISTRY_HTTP_TLS_KEY=/certs/domain.key \
           registry:2

Harbor Registry
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

For more advanced features, consider using Harbor:

1. **Download Harbor offline installer** before going air-gapped:
   
   Download from https://github.com/goharbor/harbor/releases

2. **Extract and configure**:

   .. code-block:: bash

      tar xzvf harbor-offline-installer-v2.x.x.tgz
      cd harbor
      cp harbor.yml.tmpl harbor.yml
      # Edit harbor.yml to configure settings

3. **Install Harbor**:

   .. code-block:: bash

      ./install.sh --with-trivy

4. **Access Harbor** at https://harbor-hostname (based on your configuration)

Populating your private registry
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Assuming the registry is not allowed to pull images from the public internet, you will need to upload the images to the registry from a machine that has internet access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the private registry cannot access the public internet, retrieve images on an external machine and securely transfer them using approved data transfer methods.
```
